(Guitar music)
Hi, everybody
Good job
This is eggplant
Korean eggplant ga-ji
We are going to do gaji-namul now
Steamed eggplant
Steamed eggplant is my favorite side dish
First of all
We want to steam this
And this is my steamer
then
I poured two glasses of water into it
This is a steamer stand, I will put it in
Then close the lid
Let the water boil
About five minutes, I let it boil two glasses of water, it will boil quickly
Here are three, I will use them
About a pound
Here
I want to clean them quickly
Then cut about two and a half inches long
like this
When the water starts to boil, we have to steam it
It’s rolling now, let’s steam it
Open this
At the same time, let us prepare
Our seasoning
Three garlic
I sometimes mentioned
Whenever I make this steamed eggplant
I will use a lot of garlic
Because when I was young, I heard my grandma telling my aunt
"Oh,
When you make steamed eggplant,
You must use some garlic. "
I heard this
then
"Okay, this garlic is very important, it will make it more delicious."
Then two shallots
We want it
Put in
Here
This is my chopsticks, a chopsticks
Five minutes later, I will poke them
And see if it's easy
If this
If it is cooked too long, it will be mushy
If this is not cooked, it will not taste good
So look at this
Poke in easily
Like this, this is done
I want to take them out
like this
Let them cool here
It's really hot
Be careful, you know
I can handle very hot things
Except this one
this is
Really really hot
At the same time, we make this sauce together
Chopped garlic and shallot
Then we need to add something salty
One tablespoon
soy sauce
If you are a vegetarian
1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon
So a total of four teaspoons
You can use soy sauce, then the vegetarian version
But today
I will use a little fish sauce
Because fish sauce makes it special
Fish sauce
A teaspoon
The reason why I add fish sauce is
Fish sauce will have a heavier taste
Make it taste like Korean soy sauce soup
Fermented soy sauce soup
And one teaspoon of chili flakes
Stir well
sesame oil
About two teaspoons
Then, tear them
If this is hot
You can dip your fingers like this
like this
A bite of tablets
So, hot
I want to dip my fingers like this
If you tear them by hand, it’s delicious
Okay, complete
I'm going to mix them together now
Smells so good
Sesame oil and garlic
then
Homemade roasted sesame
Crumble this sesame
Between fingers
Smells really good
About one tablespoon
Ah, very good
Beautiful
Let me try
eat first
Ok
Soft, sweet, juicy
And sesame oil and garlic
This is all the taste of some special seasoning in Korea
It's all together
very delicious
I like the taste of eggplant when they are steamed
Not very greasy
Today, we did gaji-namul
Korean steamed eggplant and sauce
Enjoy my recipe
see you later
worship!